hi friends welcome to kwikki session of
chai making today i'm going to show you
a chai this is good key chai have you
ever tried it if you have not tried try
tea lovers I suggest you try different
kinds of tea flavors so DIF let's start
here I have the water which I kept it
ready to boil in this we are going to
add the milk I have taken 1 cup of water
I am going to add half a cup of milk you
know it depends on how you want to have
the tea you can add 1 cup of milk and 1
cup of water or half a cup of water and
half a cup of milk
so choice is yours in this we are going
to add tea powder as per your taste and
we are going to crush some ingredients
cardamom and some fennel seeds just to
get nice flavors here I crushed it now
we are going to add this into our milk
mixture and we are going to boil this
and in the last we are going to add the
good don't add before and you try to
boil because sometimes the milk make
curdle so try to add last so I am just
going to keep this aside we are going to
boil this dear friends always if you
want a good tea you need to nicely boil
the tea so here it is boiling nicely and
now I am going to add the good that is
jaggery what I am going to do is I'm
going to just grate it a little bit or
you can just crush it little bit and
then switch off the flame and then add
it so here I crushed little bit and now
switch off the flame and I am going to
add this you know a spurt sweetness you
can just add the jaggery mix it once
with this heat itself the jaggery will
melt and you can serve it the jaggery
has melted and it's ready to serve you
know I am NOT found of tea but I love to
collect different kinds of tea cups and
keep it in my house so that I can serve
my guests in different types of cups so
reference if you love then you can get
different kinds
mugs or cups and here is our gold tea
which is already this is not that sweet
but little bit of that good flavor and
the fennel flavor is so so nice this is
super difference you need to try this
and also do share it with your friends
and make fresh tea for your family see
you in another session with some more
recipes